[docs] Document PostHog EAS Workflow functions in the syntax reference (#47734)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/syntax.mdx

##### Properties

| Property             | Type    | Required    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `flag`               | string  | <YesIcon /> | The key of the feature flag to update.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `active`             | boolean | <NoIcon />  | Whether the flag is enabled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `rollout_percentage` | number  | <NoIcon />  | Percentage of users the flag rolls out to, as an integer from `0` to `100`. It is applied to the flag's catch-all release condition and preserves other conditions. When the flag has no catch-all condition, it is applied to the first condition. |

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** The description uses "it is applied" twice; active voice names who does what (`style-guide.md#voice-and-tone`):

```suggestion
| `rollout_percentage` | number  | <NoIcon />  | Percentage of users the flag rolls out to, as an integer from `0` to `100`. The function applies it to the flag's catch-all release condition and preserves other conditions. When the flag has no catch-all condition, the function applies it to the first condition. |
```

Author: Good catch, applied 🙏 also mirrored it on the custom-builds copy so both tables read the same
